\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@comment $Id$
@comment %**start of header
@setfilename tinypoker.info
@include version.texi
@settitle TinyPoker @value{VERSION}
@syncodeindex pg cp
@comment %**end of header
@copying
This manual is for TinyPoker (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).

Copyright @copyright{} 2008 Thomas Cort

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
Free Documentation License".

@end quotation
@end copying

@titlepage
@title TinyPoker
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author Thomas Cort (@email{tom@@tomcort.com})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@top TinyPoker

This manual is for TinyPoker (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).
@end ifnottex

@chapter Introduction
@section Background

@url{http://tinypoker.org/,TinyPoker} is a collection of poker software
written by @url{http://www.tomcort.com/,Thomas Cort}.
Originally the code was written as part of a poker bot programming competition
for the @url{http://j9.ubishops.ca/,Computer Science Club} at
@url{http://www.ubishops.ca/,Bishop's University} in Lennoxville,
Quebec, Canada. It has evolved since then and is currently undergoing a
major re-write that will include support for the
@cindex Internet Poker Protocol
Internet Poker Protocol (IPP) version 2.0 and a number of new features.

@section libtinypoker

@cindex libtinypoker
libtinypoker provides application programming interfaces
(APIs) to applications implementing the Internet Poker Protocol (IPP)
Version 2.0. The library provides a robust communications framework
that allows clients and servers to communicate over secure
@cindex transport layer sockets
transport layer sockets (TLS) using Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) and/or
Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6). The underlying code is designed
to gracefully handle network problems such as unexpected disconnections
and bad input. IPP message validation, normalization and parsing
functions are available to developers as are several predefined types
for representing poker games, players and cards.

@section tinypokerd

@cindex tinypokerd
tinypokerd is the TinyPoker server. It will use
@cindex libtinypoker
libtinypoker to implement the
@cindex Internet Poker Protocol
Internet Poker Protocol (IPP). The code will be based on the pokerd
code base and experience implementing pokerd. An effort will be made
to make the server footprint even smaller than pokerd.

@section tinypokerclient

@cindex tinypokerclient
tinypokerclient provides a basic GUI designed for use with tinypokerd. The primary
purpose is to provide a way for humans to more easily debug poker bots and
tinypokerd.

@section tinypokerbot

@cindex tinypokerbot
tinypokerbot is a basic bot designed for use with tinypokerd. This
@cindex bot
bot connects to the server, joins the game, and folds every chance it gets. It is
intended to be used as an example for creating a new bots. You just have
to add the programming logic to determine to fold, raise, bet, or call.

@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texi

@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye

